Don't think about him.
Car
I'm here, I finally woke up.
Mr. Li has prepared the instrument for you
Can do a full body check
Lao Chen
Pharyngitis should also be checked by the whole body.
I'm in good health.
No need to check
Grandpa
Just accompany me, okay?
There is no problem with the brain CT of Boss Pei marrying Miss
You can rest assured.
Go get busy
Brother, tell me the truth
What are you afraid of?
Why do you want me to do such a detailed full body examination?
I had a very, very long dream.
Dream
Eng
Sorry.
Late because I want to
Stay with you forever
And then grow old
Dear in hand
You never proposed to me as a soldier
It sounds like I'm already married to you
Oh.
I'm sorry Yanyan
I forgot.
Forgot
So be it.
I will propose to you after I am officially discharged from the hospital
Then you can decide whether to promise me or not